DOC-1711-license-check-config (#226)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/installation/pages/license.adoc

----
[Warning] License limit exceeded. The system is running in limited capacity mode
----

=== Configuring License Key Checks

> There are several configuration parameters available for system adminstrators to customize the policy used to check compliance with the license key.  See the xref:reference:configuration-parameters.adoc#_gse[GSE] section of the Configuration Parameters page.

Author: ```suggestion
There are several configuration parameters available for system adminstrators to customize the policy used to check compliance with the license key's limit for stored data size.  See the xref:reference:configuration-parameters.adoc#_gse[GSE] section of the Configuration Parameters page.
```
